Release 1.3

*TODO*


What's New (since 1.2)

   The "listid_map" option has been added. With this option, you can
   have DKIMproxy generate signatures based on the "List-Id" header
   of outgoing messages. This header is used if your server sends out
   mailing list traffic. You can use this header to determine which
   mailing list is being distributed, and have DKIMproxy generate
   different signatures for different mailing lists. For more
   information, run `perldoc scripts/dkimproxy.out' and look for
   the "LIST-ID MAP FILE" section.


Installing

   As usual, installation instructions are in the INSTALL file.
   You will need the accompanying release of my Mail::DKIM module.

   If you are upgrading from a version prior to 1.0, please consult
   the release notes for version 1.0 as well.


Changes

   If you are upgrading from a version prior to 1.0, please take note
   of the following changes.

 * The documentation and sample init script have been changed to use
   "dkim" as the name of the user/group that dkimproxy can run as,
   and "/usr/local/dkimproxy" as the installation prefix. Upgraders
   do not need to adopt these new values, but will need to translate
   as they follow the documentation.

 * Dkimproxy.out will, in certain cases, now add a signature to
   messages that it would not before. If you start dkimproxy.out
   and specify just one domain for the --domain argument, and do
   not specify --signature=domainkeys, then dkimproxy.out will
   ALWAYS add a DKIM signature, no matter the message's sender's
   domain.


Known Issues

 * The verifier (dkimproxy.in) adds an Authentication-Results header
   with no information if the message being verified has no signatures.


Comments/Suggestions

  Send comments/suggestions to the dkimproxy-users mailing list on
  SourceForge. Or, you can add a bug or feature request to the SourceForge
  tracker system. Or, you can post a message in one of the DKIMproxy
  SourceForge forums.

  Finally, as a last resort, you can email the author directly,
  Jason Long <jlong@messiah.edu>.

