Release 1.4

This is the release of version 1.4.


What's New (since 1.3)

   There is a new option for setting the i= tag on generated
   signatures. By default the i= tag is ommitted, but you could specify
   a value using "dkim(i=whatever)" in your signature option. The new
   option is to specify "dkim(i=$sender)" which will substitute in the
   email address of the sender of this particular message.

   The $sender macro, as it is called, is not the only new macro. See
   the NEWS file for details.

   Note: the minimum version requirement for the Mail::DKIM module,
   which this program depends on, has changed from 0.29 to 0.34,
   which means you might need to upgrade Mail::DKIM before you can
   update dkimproxy to this version.


Installing

   As usual, installation instructions are in the INSTALL file.
   You will need the accompanying release of my Mail::DKIM module.

   If you are upgrading from a version prior to 1.0, please consult
   the release notes for version 1.0 as well.


Changes

   If you are upgrading from a version prior to 1.0, please take note
   of the following changes.

 * The documentation and sample init script have been changed to use
   "dkim" as the name of the user/group that dkimproxy can run as,
   and "/usr/local/dkimproxy" as the installation prefix. Upgraders
   do not need to adopt these new values, but will need to translate
   as they follow the documentation.

 * Dkimproxy.out will, in certain cases, now add a signature to
   messages that it would not before. If you start dkimproxy.out
   and specify just one domain for the --domain argument, and do
   not specify --signature=domainkeys, then dkimproxy.out will
   ALWAYS add a DKIM signature, no matter the message's sender's
   domain.


Known Issues

 * The verifier (dkimproxy.in) adds an Authentication-Results header
   with no information if the message being verified has no signatures.


Comments/Suggestions

  Send comments/suggestions to the dkimproxy-users mailing list on
  SourceForge. Or, you can add a bug or feature request to the SourceForge
  tracker system. Or, you can post a message in one of the DKIMproxy
  SourceForge forums.

  Finally, as a last resort, you can email the author directly,
  Jason Long <jason@long.name>.

