Release 1.1

This is an overdue release for 1.1. There are a couple cosmetic changes
since 1.1rc1. Basically, the wording of an error message was changed
slightly, and the copyright notices were updated on all the files.


What's New (since 1.0)

 * The Authentication-Results header, added by the verifier, has been
   changed so that results for DomainKey signatures can be distinguished
   from results for DKIM signatures.

 * Both the signer and verifier, when errors occur (such as the next
   host being unavailable, or the syslog service is down), will now
   give an error message to the client via SMTP before disconnecting.

Note: if you're wondering why this version grew so much (15%) for so
few changes, the answer is the generated Makefile scripts inside are
much bigger, thanks to a new version of autoconf/automake.


Installing

   As usual, installation instructions are in the INSTALL file.
   You will need the accompanying release of my Mail::DKIM module.

   If you are upgrading from a version prior to 1.0, please consult
   the release notes for version 1.0 as well.


Changes

   If you are upgrading from a version prior to 1.0, please take note
   of the following changes.

 * The documentation and sample init script have been changed to use
   "dkim" as the name of the user/group that dkimproxy can run as,
   and "/usr/local/dkimproxy" as the installation prefix. Upgraders
   do not need to adopt these new values, but will need to translate
   as they follow the documentation.

 * Dkimproxy.out will, in certain cases, now add a signature to
   messages that it would not before. If you start dkimproxy.out
   and specify just one domain for the --domain argument, and do
   not specify --signature=domainkeys, then dkimproxy.out will
   ALWAYS add a DKIM signature, no matter the message's sender's
   domain.


Known Issues

 * The verifier (dkimproxy.in) adds an Authentication-Results header
   with no information if the message being verified has no signatures.


Comments/Suggestions

  Send comments/suggestions to the dkimproxy-users mailing list on
  SourceForge. Or, you can add a bug or feature request to the SourceForge
  tracker system. Or, you can post a message in one of the DKIMproxy
  SourceForge forums.

  Finally, as a last resort, you can email the author directly,
  Jason Long <jlong@messiah.edu>.

