Release 1.0beta1

Warning: this is a Beta release of the latest-and-greatest development
on DKIMproxy. I would love to have some people test it and report
how the upgrade went, but just understand that when you apply this
upgrade, watch out for changes in behavior.


What's New

 * DKIMproxy can now be configured using configuration files, instead of
   only through command-line arguments.

   New installations will want to take advantage of this. Editing a
   configuration file is much nicer than having to edit the startup
   script.

 * DKIMproxy now lets you tell it to add multiple signatures in one
   pass. You do this by supplying two or more "signature" options.
   For example,

     ./dkimproxy.out --signature=dkim --signature=domainkeys

   will tell it to add a DKIM signature then a DomainKeys signature
   to the message. The DKIM signature will appear before the DomainKeys
   signature.

   Note: it's a good idea to always put the DomainKeys signature last.

 * DKIMproxy now lets you add different signatures depending on the
   sender of the message. This will be helpful for sites hosting
   many domains. They may want to, for example, use a different private
   key or selector for each domain. You do this by specifying the
   "sender_map" option. The sender_map option specifies a file containing
   per-sender signature options.


Installing

  As usual, installation instructions are in the INSTALL file.


Known Issues

 * The verifier (dkimproxy.in) adds an Authentication-Results header
   with no information if the message being verified has no signatures.
 * The signer (dkimproxy.out) will allow a DomainKey signature to be
   added, even if the address in the From/Sender header does not
   match the signature domain.


Comments/Suggestions

  Send comments/suggestions to the dkimproxy-users mailing list on
  SourceForge. Or, you can add a bug or feature request to the SourceForge
  tracker system. Or, you can post a message in one of the DKIMproxy
  SourceForge forums.

  Finally, as a last resort, you can email the author directly,
  Jason Long <jlong@messiah.edu>.

