Release 1.0.1

After a long delay I released 1.0 a week ago. Unfortunately, I've
already discovered a bug. This release, 1.0.1, contains a fix for
that bug. The rest of this document describes what's new and changed
in the version 1.0 from the previous versions.


What's New

 * DKIMproxy can now be configured using configuration files, instead of
   only through command-line arguments.

   New installations will want to take advantage of this. Editing a
   configuration file is much nicer than having to edit the startup
   script.

 * DKIMproxy now lets you tell it to add multiple signatures in one
   pass. You do this by supplying two or more "signature" options.
   For example,

     ./dkimproxy.out --signature=dkim --signature=domainkeys

   will tell it to add a DKIM signature then a DomainKeys signature
   to the message. The DKIM signature will appear before the DomainKeys
   signature.

   Note: it's a good idea to always put the DomainKeys signature last.

 * DKIMproxy now lets you add different signatures depending on the
   sender of the message. This will be helpful for sites hosting
   many domains. They may want to, for example, use a different private
   key or selector for each domain. You do this by specifying the
   "sender_map" option. The sender_map option specifies a file
   containing per-sender signature options.


Installing

   As usual, installation instructions are in the INSTALL file.
   You will need to install my Mail::DKIM perl module, available
   on CPAN. You will need version 0.30 or better.

   If you are upgrading, please note that the documentation now suggests
   a different user/group and directory prefix. Upgraders can
   continue to use the original user/group and prefix, or else be
   prepared to move some things around.


Changes

   If you are upgrading, please take note of the following changes.

 * The documentation and sample init script have been changed to use
   "dkim" as the name of the user/group that dkimproxy can run as,
   and "/usr/local/dkimproxy" as the installation prefix. Upgraders
   do not need to adopt these new values, but will need to translate
   as they follow the documentation.

 * Dkimproxy.out will, in certain cases, now add a signature to
   messages that it would not before. If you start dkimproxy.out
   and specify just one domain for the --domain argument, and do
   not specify --signature=domainkeys, then dkimproxy.out will
   ALWAYS add a DKIM signature, no matter the message's sender's
   domain.


Known Issues

 * The verifier (dkimproxy.in) adds an Authentication-Results header
   with no information if the message being verified has no signatures.


Comments/Suggestions

  Send comments/suggestions to the dkimproxy-users mailing list on
  SourceForge. Or, you can add a bug or feature request to the SourceForge
  tracker system. Or, you can post a message in one of the DKIMproxy
  SourceForge forums.

  Finally, as a last resort, you can email the author directly,
  Jason Long <jlong@messiah.edu>.

