Release 1.2

It was time to get out a new regular release of DKIMproxy. I had
initially planned to wait until full IPv6 support was available, but
I wasn't finding time to work on this, so now I've decided to go ahead
and release what I had.

If you had installed any of the 1.2 "beta" releases, check the NEWS
file for what's new since then.


What's New (since 1.1)

   IPv6 support - partial
      You can now specify an IPv6 address as your relay host.
      But you'll need to install the IO::Socket::INET6 module from CPAN.
      And you still cannot "listen" on an IPv6 address (this is because
      the Net::Server module does not support IPv6).

   DomainKeys policies
      DomainKeys signing policies (as in RFC4870) are now checked and
      enforced when the "reject_fail" option is enabled for dkimproxy.in.


Installing

   As usual, installation instructions are in the INSTALL file.
   You will need the accompanying release of my Mail::DKIM module.

   If you are upgrading from a version prior to 1.0, please consult
   the release notes for version 1.0 as well.


Changes

   If you are upgrading from a version prior to 1.0, please take note
   of the following changes.

 * The documentation and sample init script have been changed to use
   "dkim" as the name of the user/group that dkimproxy can run as,
   and "/usr/local/dkimproxy" as the installation prefix. Upgraders
   do not need to adopt these new values, but will need to translate
   as they follow the documentation.

 * Dkimproxy.out will, in certain cases, now add a signature to
   messages that it would not before. If you start dkimproxy.out
   and specify just one domain for the --domain argument, and do
   not specify --signature=domainkeys, then dkimproxy.out will
   ALWAYS add a DKIM signature, no matter the message's sender's
   domain.


Known Issues

 * The verifier (dkimproxy.in) adds an Authentication-Results header
   with no information if the message being verified has no signatures.


Comments/Suggestions

  Send comments/suggestions to the dkimproxy-users mailing list on
  SourceForge. Or, you can add a bug or feature request to the SourceForge
  tracker system. Or, you can post a message in one of the DKIMproxy
  SourceForge forums.

  Finally, as a last resort, you can email the author directly,
  Jason Long <jlong@messiah.edu>.

